[DOCS] Adding GUI docs to database overview (#30314)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/secrets/databases/index.mdx

For more details on rotating root credentials in the DB Secrets engine, refer to the
[Rotate Root credentials](/vault/api-docs/secret/databases#rotate-root-credentials) API docs.

## Setup

Most secrets engines must be configured in advance before they can perform their
functions. These steps are usually completed by an operator or configuration
management tool.

<Tabs>
<Tab heading="CLI" group="cli">

Enable the database secrets engine:

```shell-session
$ vault secrets enable database
Success! Enabled the database secrets engine at: database/
```

By default, the secrets engine will enable at the name of the engine. To
enable the secrets engine at a different path, use the `-path` argument.

</Tab>

<Tab heading="GUI"  group="gui">

![Partial screenshot of the Vault GUI showing the "Enable database" page](/img/gui/databases/enableDatabase.png)

> 1. Open the web UI for your Vault instance.
> 1. Login under the target namespace or choose the target namespace from the
>    selector at the bottom of the left-hand menu and re-authenticate.
> 1. Select **Secrets Engines** from the left-hand menu.
> 1. Click **Enable new engine +** on the **Secrets Engines** page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
@include 'gui-instructions/enable-secrets-plugin.mdx'
```

> 1. Select **Databases**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Select **Databases**.
```

> 1. Click **Enable engine**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Click **Enable engine**.
```

> 1. Click **Save** to enable the plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Click **Save** to enable the plugin.
```

</Tab>

</Tabs>

<Tabs>

<Tab heading="CLI" group="cli">

Configure Vault with the proper plugin and connection information:

```shell-session
$ vault write database/config/my-database \
    plugin_name="..." \
    connection_url="..." \
    allowed_roles="..." \
    username="..." \
    password="..." \
```

~> It is highly recommended a user within the database is created
specifically for Vault to use. This user will be used to manipulate
dynamic and static users within the database. This user is called the
"root" user within the documentation.

Vault will use the user specified here to create/update/revoke database
credentials. That user must have the appropriate permissions to perform
actions upon other database users (create, update credentials, delete, etc.).

This secrets engine can configure multiple database connections. For details
on the specific configuration options, please see the database-specific
documentation.

</Tab>

<Tab heading="GUI"  group="gui">

![Partial screenshot of the Vault GUI showing the "Create connection" page](/img/gui/databases/configureDBConnection.png)

> 1. From Secret Engines List, click on **database/**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select **Secret Engines** from the navigation menu.
1. Select the **`database/`** mount path.
```

> 1. Click on **Connections** tab and click **Create connection +**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select the **Connections** tab.
1. Click **Create connection +**
```

> 1. Click on Database plugin dropdown and select desired plugin ie. **postgreSQL**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click on the **Database plugin** dropdown and select your database.
```
Given that it's just a dropdown, I'm not sure it's worth calling out an example value.

> ![Partial screenshot of the Vault GUI showing the populated "Plugin config" section](/img/gui/databases/pluginConfig.png)

Reviewer: We should limit screenshots to one per tab to avoid overloading the instructions. Pick whichever of the images sets the best  context for the user and make that the top image :)

> 1. Fill in the chosen plugin's specific fields

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Provide the database configuration details.
```
Style correction: avoid possessives

> 1. Click create database to create the database connection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click **Create database** to create the database connection.
```

</Tab>

</Tabs>

> After configuring the root user, it is highly recommended you rotate that user's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After configuration, we strongly recommend rotating the root user
```

password such that the vault user is not accessible by any users other than
Vault itself:

```shell-session
$ vault write -force database/rotate-root/my-database
```

!> When this is done, the password for the user specified in the previous step
is no longer accessible. Because of this, it is highly recommended that a
user is created specifically for Vault to use to manage database
users.

<Tabs>

<Tab heading="CLI" group="cli">

Configure a role that maps a name in Vault to a set of creation statements to
create the database credential:

```shell-session
$ vault write database/roles/my-role \
    db_name=my-database \
    creation_statements="..." \
    default_ttl="1h" \
    max_ttl="24h"
Success! Data written to: database/roles/my-role
```

The `{{username}}` and `{{password}}` fields will be populated by the plugin
with dynamically generated values. In some plugins the `{{expiration}}` field is also supported.

</Tab>

<Tab heading="GUI"  group="gui">

> 1. From Secret Engines List, click on **database/**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select **Secret Engines** from the navigation menu.
1. Select the **`database/`** mount path.
```

> 1. Click on **Roles** tab and click **Create role +**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select the  **Roles** tab.
1. Click **Create role +**.
```

> ![Screenshot of the Vault GUI showing the "Create Role" page](/img/gui/databases/roleDefaultState.png)

Reviewer: When we include screenshots, they should be the first item in the tab instead of splitting the instructions

> 1. Enter desired name of role in **Role name** field

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Set **Role name** to a human-readable name for the role.
```

> 1. In the **Connection name** dropdown, choose the desired DB connection for this role to be created in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click on the **Connection name** dropdown, and select a DB connection you
   want associated with the new role.
```

> 1. In the **Type of role** dropdown, choose between creating a static or dynamic role

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click on the **Type of role** dropdown, and select `static` or `dynamic`.
1. Configure the role.
    - For static roles:
      - Set the DB username associated with the role.
      - Set a DB password for the role (or leave blank).
      - Set the **Rotation period** for the role password. By default, Vault
        rotates passwords every 24 hours.
      - If you want to bypass an initial rotation on creation, untoggle the
        **Rotate immediately**.
    - For dynamic roles:
      - Set the TTL and max TTL expiry times.
      - Add any customized creation, revocation, rollback, or renew DB
        statements for the role.
1. Click **Create role** to create the role.
```

> #### Creating a Dynamic Role
> 
> ![Partial screenshot of the Vault GUI showing the "Role settings" section for a Dynamic role](/img/gui/databases/roleDynamic.png)
> 
> 1. Manage desired role's TTL and Max TTL expiration or keep defaults
> 1. Enter items as desired in statements fields or leave blank
> 1. Click **Create role** to create the role
> 
> #### Creating a Static Role
> 
> ![Partial screenshot of the Vault GUI showing the "Role settings" section for a static role](/img/gui/databases/roleStatic.png)
> 
> 1. Enter a username from the database that this role will be mapped to
> 1. Enter a password for this role if desired or leave blank
> 1. Specify the **Rotation period of this role**, or keep the default of 24 hours
> 1. Toggle whether or not to rotate this roles password immediately or to bypass the first rotation
> 1. Click **Create role** to create the role

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I think we can simplify these instructions instead of adding two additional sub-sections

  its passwords, and enables multiple clients using the same static role to
  transition slowly.

</Tab>

<Tab heading="GUI" group="gui2">

> ![Partial screenshot of the Vault GUI showing the database level "Rotate static roles immediately" toggle](/img/gui/databases/databaseRotation.png)
> On the DB connection creation page, this toggle button will set the default value for static roles whether to rotate immediately or to skip the initial rotation if toggled off.
> 
> ![Partial screenshot of the Vault GUI showing the role level "Rotate immediately" toggle](/img/gui/databases/roleRotation.png)
> On the static role creation page, this toggle button will control whether this individual role password will be rotated immediately or skipped if toggled off.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Partial screenshot of the Vault GUI showing the database level "Rotate static roles immediately" toggle](/img/gui/databases/databaseRotation.png)

On the DB connection creation page and the static role creation page, turning
off the **Rotate static roles immediately** toggle lets you bypass an initial rotation
on role creation.
```

Since the toggle does the same thing, we can simplify the information by explaining the toggle ones and noting that it appears on two different pages

> ![Partial screenshot of the Vault GUI showing a provided password and toggled off Rotate immediately input](/img/gui/databases/rolePasswordNonRotate.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: 3 screenshots of what is essentially the same toggle is excessive. We should use screenshots sparingly. Both because they disrupt the ability to scan through instructional steps and because it increases the maintenance burden for the page

> To set the initial password during onboarding:
> 
> On the static role creation page provide a password and toggle **Rotate immediately** off before saving.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set an initial password during static role creation, provide a password and
toggle **Rotate immediately** off before saving.
```

There's only the one step, so we can simplify things by presenting it as a single sentence.
